.
combining to form microclots, that's all I'm totally down with that. But to then
jump to the stage where that explanation now covers all of the problems with
vaccines, it's another problem with vaccines. And I think that's the that's
the that's the nuance that everybody needs to constantly be vigilant of
because all all of the people that are trying to trip us up for sure are
gonna give us easy explanations which replace other explanations. And that is
a temptation that you cannot jump to because it's just like the DNA
contamination of the RNA shot is now tempting to jump to that as the
explanation where in reality we have this whole toolbox of of attributes of
transfection which are bad and then the quality control and then this and then
they all add together and the trick is to not let any one of us any one of
these these explanations start to dominate to the point where all of the
other impacts which we know are real are diluted or lost and that's basically
what they're trying to do with the with the protocols right they're trying to
tell stories and stories and stories so that the protocols go farther and farther
into the past so that the rising number of opioid deaths from 2020 to 2021 to
2022 go farther and farther in the past that's what they want and so that's why
we have to be very vigilant and and work constantly to to update this list and
not let the list be changed but rather just added to and that that was
especially true with regard to what Kevin McCurn and I believe has been
basically up to is he's populating this list but then he's he's not reciting it
anymore and so if he if he has all this publicity has all this chance to tell
people how bad transfection is he's definitely not taking advantage of it
and instead he's focused on the latest greatest thing which is this CD and A
contamination which of course is a very different objection than what he was
making in 2020 in 2021 in 2022 and it's really important that we pay
attention to these people because it's over time it's it's very hard to lie
consistently and you can be like Mark and you can have made mistakes you can be
like Mark and have sort of followed false leads or chased things that didn't
need to be chased anymore but if he's correcting himself and he's he's if he's
reevaluating where he stands like I try to do and like others try to do then
then there's nothing wrong with playing a few notes as long as you're playing
with passion and with the idea that that you want to get better and so you know
it feels really good but I'm gonna try and take a little easy on my throat just
to make sure I don't go nuts because I'm really excited and and I want to just
talk all day but we're gonna go a little slower here so the show must go on and
we did a number of shows recently about about companies related to Canadian
biosciences and it's become really increasingly curious to me how so much
of this story is just crossed that border and how much of that story
actually was already across the border at the very early parts of the pandemic
with this with this researcher who a Chinese researcher who was working on Z
map and had this antibody cocktail that was really good and was on the front of
time and and then accused of being a spy and stealing and disappearing and it
wasn't really clear what it was about this lady that was weird but Mark was
one of the first people to really point out that this Z map was this antibody
cocktail that might have been useful for this or or at least wasn't
antibody cocktail that had been previously compared to remdesivir and so
there was reason to believe that that this Z map would would somehow muddy the
waters around remdesivir and maybe it needed to disappear anyway we have more
recently crossed the border into Canada with regards to Peter colas and Peter
colas brought us to Canada because number one he's the guy who apparently is
responsible for the intellectual property of the lipid nanoparticles
that are now used for all of these gene therapies and vaccines I shouldn't
call them vaccines and transfections but more importantly Robert Malone was the
one who actually pointed us to him in one of his sub-stacks which was being
quite critical of the awarding of the Nobel Prize and said that you know if
anybody had and he used the patent law language enabling technology it would
be Peter colas and so in my offline discussions with my friend regular guy
it became clear to him in his eyes that the language that Robert Malone had
been using in that article was really intellectual property law type language
when you say enabling technology in regards to a patent you really talking
about patent law and in that sense it seemed almost as if the the idea of the
intellectual property that was being you know acknowledged with the MR of the
mRNA with the Nobel Prize that intellectual property may not be as solid
as the award might make it seem and the reason why is because the enabling
technology in Robert Malone's mind wasn't the chemical alterations of the
mRNA but it was the lipid nanoparticles that allowed it so it's an interesting
assertion because remember and I'm just breaking this down with this on screen
I don't really know why maybe you can you can copy this video that we're gonna
watch here but it's interesting because up until that statement it should be
very clear to you that it was his it was his idea of using RNA as a vaccine
and all of the he had like eight patents around this so as he first came out in
2021 remember part of the reason why he came out was to claim in mentorship but
now after the Nobel Prize is awarded it's almost a change in position if you
think that well in 2021 I was the one who came up with all the relevant ideas for
using RNA as a vaccine and then when the Nobel Prize is awarded you say well
actually what they did isn't that impressive because the enabling
technology is is Peter Kullis's technology so it's a very very
interesting pivot that actually is not consistent with his his earlier three
years of behavior and so you can only see this as a continuing evolving op or
continuing evolving construct it's not just somebody struggling to tell the
truth this is a person who is adjusting the narrative and adjusting what he
says in order to keep aiming at whatever goal they're aimed at and I think that
that's how you should start to see most of the people's changing behavior is if
you think about what their goal was for the entire three years that I've been
online my goal has been to free my children from this illusion into free our
society from this illusion and that's not really the goal of a lot of other
people that let's say compete for this this kind of airtime I mean Kevin McCarran
has never been about stopping the thing Kevin McCarran has never been about
breaking any illusions that are around it's been about maximum fear and
confusion and really Kevin McCarran has never been about stopping anything he's
never said that transfection and kids would be crazy and the list really goes
on quite long how many people haven't said really anything useful about what
about what should be done with regard to this technology and they certainly
didn't say it with any in any useful length of time and so here we are this
is the epivax presentation from January 26th 2021 so put that into your time
frame we are about to roll out the we had already rolled out the vaccines in the
UK so the the the J&J and the AstraZeneca are already out and we're about to roll
out the mRNA and epivax is also trying to put together a vaccine candidate and
and they were actually working with crazy enough the University of Seattle I
believe or University why I don't know which one it is Mark would know where a
guy by the name of Biesler was working and Biesler also surprisingly had a
three-dimensional model of the spike like in in February or January of 2020 he had
a candidate vaccine ready to go based on the spike in a nanoparticle and that's
also where Sohomish County man just happened to be so epivax is a company
who for whom Robert Malone was a consultant for a very long time from
2005 to 2018 or something like this and epivax is also a a company that has
worked with Abcellular which is this this
which is this company in Canada that is developing antibodies or finding them
with this new technology that we watched yesterday so I want to watch this
video because in this video they're going to discuss the methodological
technology that is epivax and I think it's really Mark sent me a video this
morning from was it eight years ago or something like that where this lady is
also talking about this technology on a news program and I thought to watch that
one now but actually I'm gonna watch that one with Mark sometime and invite him
to watch it because it's an older one and she makes some crazy references this
one has a lot more biology and it's I thought it'd be more appropriate for a
study hall and I can take some notes and then give my voice a little bit of
rest in between but not that it really needs rest the only reason why sometimes
sound doesn't come out I think is because there's that flap of skin or
tissue or whatever it was that was full of blood and then it emptied so it's
kind of still there but I mean I don't I don't hear it sometimes but it's not
like it was I could never do that yesterday I mean it's it's crazy how
happy I am to have my voice back so let's see if it's here yes it is great
thank you guys for joining me tonight I know that I am the CEO and CSO heavy
acts incorporated and I'll be talking to you today about prediction and
validation of immunogenicity and tolerance to generic peptides and
impurities clearly this refers to the FDA draft guidance in which the FDA
requested sponsors to identify impurities in their generic drug products
that were above a certain percentage of the final drug product and and their
request and validation sorry I missed the title too
hey everyone this is Annie DeGroote I am the CEO and CSO heavy-vax
incorporated and I'll be talking to you today about prediction and validation of
immunogenicity and tolerance to generic peptides and impurities clearly this
refers to the FDA draft guidance in which the FDA requested sponsors to identify
impurities in their generic drug products that were above a certain
percentage of the final drug product and and their request related to the
identification of T cell epitopes shown in this slide that could be present in
the impurities in the drug product it turns out that we've been working in the
field of immunogenicity risk assessment focusing on peptides and
proteins and their T cell epitopes for the last 20 years so we developed a
comprehensive program for assessing the immunogenicity risk of peptide
impurities building on decades of experience with biologics this program
is called the panda program for peptide accelerated new drug application no and
one of the things that I want to point out here is that this T cell epitope thing
that she's speaking about is actually very serious the reason why I think it's
serious is because in 2020 late 2020 when people were still screaming about the
spike protein being a designed protein and I was still playing along it really
felt like to me that one possibility was that they lied about the virus but they
they lied to the extent to which they actually lied about the spike and so
the spike was a designed spike on purpose with the idea that okay we're
gonna lie about this virus but then we're gonna say that it has this spike and
this spike protein we're gonna use it for the vaccine and why because we've
already altered it we've already added a couple let's say universal T cell
epitopes so that we know that this spike protein will generate antibodies and
more importantly we can predict with a reasonably high accuracy what antibodies
they will produce or at least what epitopes they will target and so then
all you really need to know is how that epitope will be evaluated and
represented given the different HLA subtypes of a particular person and
that's what she's talking about for 20 years they've been working on finding the
T cell epitopes that are chosen by your immune system when exposed to
proteins and trying to see if there's some pattern based on the HLA receptors
of the animal or the human what is the pattern of T cell epitope selection and
is that pattern predictable and she's been working on it for a very long time
now the reason why I find it enticing is because before I got to clones and
swarm and all this other stuff and I was still really playing along with the idea
that it was a lab leak and something is spreading around which again is still a
possibility that the idea would be to lie about the sequence so that you could
get your guaranteed shoe in immunogen into the vaccine and so you could imagine
this story where you everybody insists that this spike bro spike bro spike
protein all the time and all these people are laughing because while the spike
protein is being portrayed as this evil evil protein it's really not it's a
design protein guaranteed to produce seroprevalence and even more importantly
it could be guaranteed to produce seroprevalence on many serial exposures
because it's a T cell epitope that in theory the immune system would have a
harder time ignoring it and that's the product that's the that's the product
design from a vaccine designer's perspective that's the product design
you want because the NIH says that antibodies are the indication of immunity
and the antibodies are how they're going to measure the effectiveness of your
product and so if you have a product where you can you can administer it
multiple times and every time you get a good robust antibody response it's the
ideal vaccine and so what she has been working on with this company basically
for 20 years is that this ability to hijack what the T cells are doing and
force them to react and it's doing it by selecting these epitopes out of the
natural proteins and looking at the responses and screening them and using
computational approaches to narrow down see it's still there to the proteins
that will that will produce this I'm sure it's just scar tissue that's got to
work his way out now I mean maybe my voice will get even lower peptide
accelerated new drug application and the methods that I'm going to describe
today are published in this recent compendium of methods in immunogenicity
risk assessment that was written by a group of members of the APS therapeutic
protein immunogenicity group so please refer to this article for additional
details on the assays and in silico tools that I'll be talking about today
members of the team that work with me include Brian Roberts who's the associate
scientific director and manager of the protein therapeutics program at Epivax
Francis Terry who is the director of analysis and immuno informatics at
epivax and Bill Martin who is co-founder of epivax and the architect of our
in silico tools of course I would be remiss not to mention the epivax panda
team members who work in the laboratory to do the validation of the in silico
predictions that we make and they are listed here on this slide my talk will be
divided in four parts first why do immunogenicity screening peptides what
what is it about these impurities that could generate a T cell response how to
do it in silico and in vitro and I'll be describing the special tools that we
have that evaluate tolerance and help find T reg epitopes I will also be
describing some case studies that we recent T regulatory epitopes boy oh boy
they're really they're doing it all like this is exactly what before I knew
that's company existed I would have said that you need to be working on and so now
you just imagine just imagine remember Robert Malone has been consulting with
all of these companies that are in a position like absolera to make
antibodies with mRNA she is in a position to make small peptides with
mRNA so it's all kind of the same next generation game and now I might be going
out on a limb here when I say this but it almost seems like that's the whole game
that was the whole game all they have to do is preserve the national security
priority of vaccinating against covid and then all they got to do is make the
first generation of covid vaccines kind of lame and now guess what we need new
vaccines for covid and those new vaccines will be much better because we
won't use this silly spike protein we'll just use a few T cell epitopes or we'll
we'll just make the antibodies and so after four years of brainwashing
everybody or 40 years of brainwashing everybody the antibodies are important
they've finally gotten around to saying well we'll just find the antibody and
make the RNA and code for it that's not gonna work there's lots of reasons why
that's not gonna work and we'll talk about that over the next weeks but I'm
just trying to let you know that this sounds like reasonable immunology it
sounds like really smack on point immunology that you we should have we
should have been hearing so now the question I'm just burping from drinking
too much if the question is how deceptive is she gonna be about antibodies and
T cells how deceptive is she gonna be about the order in which those memories
are made I think she's gonna have to do some hand waving here because she can't
be too aggressive and say that actually the whole immune system is T cells and
antibodies are dumb she can't say that but I'm sure that when they're in their
own offices that's what they're always thinking they're always thinking that
well yeah but anybody's come from T cells I mean they they require T cell
help and all this other stuff and T regulatory cells to down like it I mean
she obviously knows that so it's gonna be a good talk it's only 30 minutes long
I'll try not to interrupt it anymore we completed under an FDA contract on
calcitonin and terraperitide impurities and we'll show you some of the
interesting findings that we uncovered while doing those projects now I'm gonna
be primarily focusing on in silico so I do want to go over how a peptide drug
impurity can potentially be presented to a T cell so that's illustrated in this
slide here you can see a peptide drug which could be up to 50 amino acids in
length and a peptide impurity which contains a modification to the amino acid
sequence notice that this impurity is shorter mainly because in the antigen
presenting cell it will be processed down to the length that will be presented on
the surface of the HLA binding molecule on the surface of the antigen presenting
cell the these so I'm I gotta say I'm actually confused because they're talking
about impurities so that's I guess you produce proteins and there's a certain
amount of impurities and so what she's trying to figure out how these impurities
cause T cell activation this is like bait and switch and what she's trying to
explain and what she's trying to talk around I'm sure of it is that T cell
epitopes are only about nine amino acids long and so these very short
proteins are actually extremely dangerous because they have a propensity to
easily be presented as antigens unlike the larger proteins which need to be
brought in and then process down to smaller fragments and then that process
and this is the trick that process is the responsibility of this mature antigen
presenting cell it's a process that we don't understand and so the larger
protein goes in that's this one and it gets it gets processed by the antigen
presenting cell and it's something we don't understand what she has noticed
and pharmacological producers of biologics have noticed is that the
impurities the small peptides are the ones that tend to generate the immune
response and that's because of this and the way that the processing in a in a
mature antigen presenting cell works if you don't give it anything to break down
then there's nothing really to do but present and I'm not speaking from knowledge
here I'm I'm imagining based on what I understand of antigen presentation and
the the sorting of an antigen to the epitope that you present to the T cells
and that selection process is extremely important in what she and her epivax
company have been doing over the last decades is trying to figure that process
out what parts of peptides are regularly chosen as T cell epitopes and how does
that interplay connect with HLA diversity HLA being the MHC receptor that is used
by them and by T cells to to compare notes so to speak if you just join me I
hear a look a bunch of people there just join me yes a polyp or a blister or
some kind of growth in my throat exploded today on a cough it filled my mouth
with blood I spit it out on the garage floor I looked at my son and I said the
words I might need some help and it came out like I might need some help and my
voice was back and so I actually haven't had this voice this exact voice I don't
think in maybe six years it started to go away when I was on my bike and it's
just slowly gone worse in the last couple years it really went awful and I think
it was this thing this I don't know what it was I haven't been to the doctor I
don't know all I know is I'm not feeling any real pain if I cough it's a little
painful but if I'm talking it feels fine and I don't need the best thing is I
don't need to force any air through my voice box anymore I'm not running out of
breath you can hear me right now I still when I breathe there's this little thing
in there I don't know if it's loose skin or what it is that you hear it but it
doesn't it doesn't stop me that thing was waking me up at night it was blocking
my breathing at night and and I was actually having sleep dapnea for the
last two and a half months or something so that's all the reason why my my my
health has been going downstream or downhill very rapidly and I think this
is gonna be a huge turnaround because of anything I'm gonna get sleep now sorry
back to T cell activation peptides can be anywhere between 8 or 9 to 15 to 20
amino acids in the length when they're presented on the surface of the cell
but the key sequence that binds into the HLA molecule binding groove is about
9 amino acids in length the side chains of the peptide will bind into the
binding pockets and you can well imagine that a peptide drug that has a
modification of one of its residues may not bind with the same affinity or may
bind with a different affinity than the active pharmaceutical ingredient or the
API in this picture on the right-hand side I've illustrated for you in in an
EM electron microscope a picture the interaction with T cell it's receptor
which you can't even see on this slide and the antigen presenting cell that's
presenting HLA you can see that there's probably a very close fit between those
two cells and what the T cell is coming down to see is the peptide lying in a
linear fashion in the HLA molecule and there is a face that faces down and binds
to the HLA that's called the epitope and there's sorry the agritope and there's a
face that faces up to the T cell receptor and that's called the epitope the
epitope is what drives the T cell response and that can be good or bad
depending on which T cell is responding so why do impurities affect the T cell
response to peptide drug well let's take our API and now let's make some
modification and to it the way that they would occur in a synth in a synthetic
process you could have truncations that could remove peptide T cell epitopes you
could have amino acid deletions that change the sequence so that the frame of
the nimer is disturbed and if there is a T cell epitope there it's no longer
gonna bind in the HLA molecule you could have an amino acid insertion which
could change the side chain that's binding into the HLA molecule or it
could actually shift everything over and I'll show show you that disturbing the
binding frame you could have amino acid duplications which again shift the
binding frame of T cell epitopes and you could also have incorporation of
unusual amino acids such as stereoisomers or side chain modifications which also
interfere with the binding of the peptide to the HLA molecule and that's
what's illustrated in greater detail on this slide I've already mentioned that
there's a an agritope side of the T cell epitope that might be in your peptide
drug and there is an epitope side which faces up to the T cell receptor there
are specific amino acids that bind to the HLA and there so this is interesting
I've never seen this biology before apparently the HLA receptor interacts
with certain amino acids of the epitope and the the T cell react so I don't know
if this would be like their functional groups that would stick out this way or
their charged groups that would stick out this way it's a very interesting way of
and she's portraying that in every picture which I guess I got to read because I
didn't know that they knew this much about how antibodies were interesting
we're here in this slide and other ones that bind up that face the T cell
receptor that is recognized by the T cell let's now introduce a duplication of
an amino acid of position two and you can imagine that a peptide that once
found to HLA now that you've shifted the frame over by one position no longer
presents side chains that bind down into the HLA binding group so that peptide
will no longer bind to the HLA molecule that may be good if there was a T cell
response there you would obviously potentially lose it because the peptide
will no longer bind if there was however a T cell response that could
induce a suppressor immune response a regulatory T cell then you might not
want to lose that signal in your peptide drug so let's look at the
converse maybe you have a sequence that doesn't bind so did you hear what she
said and this is really key she said that if you have a a mutation in or a
deletion that gets rid of your T regulatory response you might not want
that and why not because we've talked about this before the basics of the T
cell response are such that the T cell response ramps up the inflammation
ramps up the immune response and a corresponding T regulatory cell
response that recognizes many of the same epitopes is responsible for the
day crescendo and so if you only have T cell epitopes which stimulate T cells
but not T regulatory cells then you'll have this imbalance induced by your
biologic I think that's what she's talking about here and it's really
curious to hear someone talk so focused on T cells and not realize that that
all of these vaccines that are being sold distributed whatever I just don't
don't even look at this it's not even on their radar I guess that's what makes
their that's what makes this company so good to see you can hear my voice is
not the other thing I have to tell you is that because that ball was in the back
of my throat I haven't been able to get all the mucus out of my lungs like I
should have so I'm probably going to need to cough a lot of stuff out over the
next few days and maybe that'll give me more wind too I don't know but I can
tell you that my voice is rattling around in my voice box and in my jaw in a way
that it hasn't done in at least five years
not want to lose that signal in your peptide drug so let's look at the
converse maybe you have a sequence that doesn't bind it's a particular peptide
that doesn't seem to have any T-cell epitopes in it now you introduce a
duplication of the amino acid in position two you've just shifted the side chains
over and now you have an agritope which will bind to HLA and present an epitope
to the T cell receptor that could be a new immunogenic impurity and that's
exactly what we're talking about when we're concerned about impurities and
their potential to trigger a T-cell response so how do we look for these
T-cell epitopes we have basically a three-step process which also involves a
four-step integrating everything into one overall perspective and we start always
with epitope prediction because we want to look and see if the T-cell epitope is
present in the API and how far from that binding kind of threshold will the
impurities travel maybe you have something that has a lot of T-cell epitopes in it
impurities will therefore induce a lot of new epitopes if you have something
that doesn't have any T-cell epitopes in it it's hard to imagine how immunogenic
that could be with the substitution of a single amino acid because that won't
really change a lot about the binding capability of that T-cell of that sorry
peptide sequence so we start with epitope prediction and then we validate we like
to check at least HLA binding maybe the peptide is not predicted to bind will
validate that in HLA binding assay just to confirm our suspicion but we also like
to do T-cell assays and we can do that with naive blood because naive donors
have never seen the drug or its impurities so it's similar to testing it
in a patient so the the epitope prediction is the first step and then
we'll start with the API sequence and then compare it to the impurities that
we can look at also in silico we use the epimatrix tool it is an algorithm that
has been developed over 20 plus years developed epivax it predicts both class
one and class two binding potential and here we're going to be focusing focusing
on class two which facilitates cytokine release as well as antibody response so
that might be the the two things that you're going to be concerned about in
terms of a safety signal for peptide drugs it's an algorithm that focuses on
nine HLADR supertypes for the purpose of measuring immunogenicity risk why
do we do that because when we look at all of the different human HLAs we can
actually find that they fall into families these families share pocket
preferences which side chains bind into the HLA molecule so now that we know
that there are supertypes comprising families we can kind of narrow down the
search space to a manageable level and find patterns that actually give help us
figure out if something's going to be immunogenic or not so those are the nine
supertype families that we usually work with there are certain alleles that are
more common in certain populations but such as DR9 which is an Asian a couple
papers there I gotta read I guess however we find that if we include all of these
HLADR molecules in our search space we can get results that are representative
of 95% of the human populations worldwide that's the in silico approach of course
how short these sequences are here that selection and try to get a lot and so
now what I want you to think about is the idea that if they wanted to make it
sure thing that they would say oh there's a coronavirus out there and it's got
this spike routine and they only needed to put in a couple of those just a
couple and then they would be guaranteed almost guaranteed to get the right
antibody response think about that think about how easy that that that trick
would be to pull off given what we now know about the sequences and rule on the
sequence in Washington it would be a joke and so that's actually the kind of
deception that I was thinking had occurred in 2020 and then of course had
all kinds of different changes in terms of how I think about it now but it's
still something to consider we don't know what happened this is a crime and we
still don't know how far clones would spread if you made enough of them we
don't know how many people they would jump through I don't know would they
really stop with the first person that inhaled them I don't know so it's it's
some really interesting immunology being sold here very carefully sold here
mind you but you know it's exactly what you need to start thinking about as you
as you consider how the immune system works that somehow the way that she's
screening for immunogenic peptides seems to not jive with the idea that we can
just throw a a transfection in somebody and they'll express a protein in your
immune system will be fine it doesn't really make sense from the perspective
of what she's saying because small contaminants or point mutations in a
biologic can be a problem so when we know all the things we know now we have
to really who the hell oh my goodness he doesn't even know I'm online Matthew
Crawford is calling me on signal that is interesting I'm not gonna take that
call though thank you very much I'm gonna keep this going actually well I
don't know I'm gonna speed it up because I don't know how much she's really gonna
do and I wanted to watch this other two-minute video of her where she's
talking a little more silly because she's on the nightly news and it's only a
two-minute video so anyway I'll leave it like this I think it would go a little
faster.
Located coverage of each HLA allele so probably 30 to 50 patients is really the
ideal number of patients to be testing in an in vitro assay. Now screening peptide
in silica we do look at it this way we basically parse it into nine we're
overlapping frames and then we're gonna look at each overlapping frame for its
predicted affinity to bind to specific HLA alleles here the nine super types
that we've described. Notice in this picture that we see several nine
reframes that bind promiscuously across HLA alleles and those are highlighted in
yellow those are what we call epibars they're promiscuous T cell epitopes
they're the primary drivers of an immune response and if we're making a
vaccine those are great if they're in our peptide drug and they're foreign that's
bad or or our impurity. They also give you the sense that the more T cell epitopes
you pack into a single sequence whether they're for the same allele or other
alleles in general higher epitope content is gonna drive a higher T cell
response and that's what's we've observed in the literature as well as in
our experience over the 20 years that we've been doing this. So we developed a
ranking scale the ranking scale basically looks for the number of T cell
epitopes per unit protein or peptide and we can look at how immunogenic a peptide
might be for a population compared to others or for an individual. And as Mark
said in the chat over ten years ago she came up with the idea of using
Microsoft Word to look for these small epitopes in genetic sequences and the
crazy thing is is that he found a video where she was talking to a
newscaster and said well you know people started to contact us and asked us to
analyze their protein sequence and at first we started with well how about a
thousand dollars and they said fine so then we said how about five thousand
dollars and then we were up to twenty thousand dollars and then we knew we
really had a company for using Microsoft Word to search through their their
genetic sequences to find T cell epitopes they had previously identified that's
what we're dealing with here ladies and gentlemen this woman and people like
her and that are looking to make products and looking to start companies
and looking for things to from a business perspective catch on are very
different than people are trying to save the world change the world or free
humanity and so you have to see this for what it is you have to see Robert
Malone for who he is you have to see Kevin McCurnan for who he is you have to
see that these people have been swimming in this space for decades and they've
been playing this game for decades the idea is to get a house on the harbor a
seven thousand square foot house on the harbor the idea is to get really rich
and to become famous the idea is to get the Bloomberg businessman award that's
what they want that's the that's the kind of of prestige and fame and and
and recognition that they want they aren't interested in giving they're not
interested in teaching they're interested in making stuff that's worth stuff worth
money and it is unfortunately a lot about money they measure it and their
success based on money and that's what was so insightful about that interview
from eight years ago with Annie is that it's she said it in such a way that it
was almost like wow you're really an asshole like I went to this school and
the school needed my help and so I said sure I can help you for a thousand
dollars this week and they said great and so I was happy with that thousand
dollars because a thousand dollars gets me through the week but then another
school called me and I decided to say two thousand and they said fine and so I
just did the job for two thousand and then when the next person called me I
just scratched my eye wonder if they'll do it for five how about five thousand
dollars and they said yes and suddenly I talked to my friend and I realized wow
you know people will pay twenty thousand dollars for us to use Microsoft Word to
search for nine letters in their protein sequence and we can charge five
grand I wonder if we can charge twenty that's literally how this worked that's
literally where epivacs came from it's no more complicated than that and yes it
became more complicated of course because people threw millions of
dollars at them the Bill Gates Foundation threw almost a million dollars at them
many years ago already it's a really really interesting thing look now they
have a pandemic sorry a peptide immunogenic scale it's kind of like the
scoval rating of peppers I guess and here you go a 20 mer that's 20 amino
acids theoretically minimum right and then all these guys have many many many
potential T cell activating or HLA binding short sequences and so they're
more immunogenic now if they if they have this idea already in their head for 10
years then it's very easy to put the let's say where where where is where does
the coronavirus spike protein fit in here not this one but the other ones it's
not on here is it pretty convenient you see why we're this is exactly the story
this is exactly where immunology should be where I expected it to be and now
that we find it we have to understand why it's here what were these people doing
before and after the pandemic and what does it mean going forward knowing that
all of these Canadian companies were connected to American companies and
connected to DARPA and a lot of these companies had a red thread of Robert
Malone as an advisor it's just not possible for this to be random we have
finally stumbled upon the joke the first generation of mRNA vaccines and the
second generation of mRNA vaccines and that's probably been their long game
plan all along whether or not Robert Malone was supposed to come out and
and play shell games with everybody I don't really know but that's what that's
where it had to go and to what extent we forced it to go there I don't know but
we are definitely pushing the apple cart now we are definitely pushing the
apple cart now we know genicity can be ranked here I'm analyzing the overall
immunogenicity of generic peptide drugs compared to some well-known immunogenic
peptides which are on the left-hand side of my scale from tennis talks and
influenza EVV and you can see that the generic peptides which are generally
derived from self peptides tend to be lower on that scale the scale is set to
be zero for the average or median of a set of more than a hundred thousand
random peptide sequences so you can see that there's a distribution things that
are high on this scale could be expected to be more immunogenic than a random
peptide by random chance and things that are lower on the scale are predicted to
be less immunogenic than a random peptide found by random chance so okay
maybe I'm just gonna stop this and I'm gonna look for the other video because I
hold on let me just I'm gonna copy this because I think I watched it right
before this video and so I should be able to go back here as efforts are
underway worldwide trying find a way to stop this virus a local company is
helping in the efforts working to create a vaccine okay hold on Logan
Wilbur joins us now from Providence tonight with the story this is great so
this is a an interview with her right at the start of the pandemic and now
there's too much that goes on in this two minutes so I'm gonna have to stop it
a lot but you're just not gonna believe it now you try your best and bring your
most trained critical ears to this interview and bang on your own table
every time you hear something you you simply can't believe she says from the
outside this brick building in Onlyville may not look like much but people
inside are working to find a possible solution to the coronavirus
Providence based epivacs is working on two coronavirus vaccines with one focus
on protecting health care workers they're the first line of defense against the
virus and we want to give them something that will actually generate what we
would call immune system body armor will give them a protection we asked Dr.
Andy Groot to explain how vaccines work using a virus most people are
familiar with the flu you have pre-existing immunity that allows your
immune systems to go oh I see flu here I see a word that says flu I'm gonna help
my immune system respond and make a lot of antibody which is exactly what the
epivacs vaccine does it generates that immune memory you need that immune
memory in order to generate an effective immune response currently without a
vaccine Dr. DeGroot calls the coronavirus very dangerous this virus is
killing somewhere between two to four people per 100 two to four people per
100 three to four percent are dying of this virus is that not exactly the worst
case scenario is that not exactly the bullshit that we're trying to fight
right now it's not it was the protocols it was then do not resuscitate orders
and she's a hundred percent on narrative it's killing between three and four
people out of every 100 and no everyone is vulnerable listen that's very
different from influenza where it's it's 10 to 50 fold higher so while there is a
comparison to the flu as to why vaccines are important to solving this pandemic
as the mortality rate shows the two are not alike I think there's a tendency to
kind of not take this seriously and that's because people have said it's like
the flu so we you know maybe we're somewhat immune to the flu but in
actuality it's not like flu in that way we need to build the immunity through
vaccines and vaccines are extremely important Wow I mean wow that's just
complete hogwash it is nonsense it's ridiculous but she's saying it and it's
not it's not unusual you just have to understand that as we look backwards and
we actually take stock of what was happening at this time in 2020 it's
going to become more and more painfully obvious that some of these people she's
smiling in this damn interview the whole time because she's excited about the
possibility that she's about to make a billion dollars there's a possibility
that she still will make a billion dollars with the next one they're all
excited about the possibility that they're going to go from zero to a billion in
a year it's exactly what the video of the absolera CEO was titled you don't
think all these people start dreaming about that the moment that it becomes
possible the moment that somebody whispers in their ear this might be an
IPO you don't think that happens I'm sure it does and I'm sure that this woman
has been trying to get a hold of one of those hot air balloons for some time
venture capital hot air balloon I mean I'd be happy to have someone invest a
million dollars in gigo and biological to make sure that all of this you know
live up-to-date coverage of pandemic mythology continues and I'm sure I would
accept it greatly but it's not the reason why I'm doing it it's not the
actual goal which is the actual goal of a company like this and was the actual
goal of her spin-out company and the exact goal of all of these companies is
to eventually go public and become worth five billion dollars that's the dream
of every biologist at their bench or at least the ones that think like her
you're not thinking about saving the world you're not thinking about making a
therapeutic that everybody can afford you're thinking about making yourself
rich and famous and Dr. DeGroote tells me we could see a vaccine and as
little as five to six months but that all depends on funding she says she's
going to ask the federal government to help with that more than three hundred
million dollars needed to ensure both the safety and efficiency of the vaccine
in Providence Logan Wilbur Eyewitness News she's gonna ask for three million
dollars holy shit three hundred million dollars holy cow excuse me they do have
the identical T-cell receptor-facing residues and bind to the same HLA the
T-cell probably wouldn't be able to differentiate between that human GPI
I'm gonna go back here and speed it up they can actually they can go up so if
they're in the red zone we would be concerned if they're in the green zone
we probably wouldn't even do a T-cell assay or an in vitro binding assay because
we would imagine that peptide would be very low risk so furthermore we have
other tools that allow us to screen for those happy bars of customers one such
tool that finds regions of high epitope density in a protein or peptide sequence
it's very important to find these okay now make sure that you understand what
we're watching here she is assembling a software stack so there was a software
that she was using earlier and now that was called panda or something like that
now there's customer and you cannot underestimate how this is the business
model it is very very similar to abcellular which is basically a stack of
IA machine learning programs which can use the data that's gathered in their
single-cell machines to do what it is they say they're doing which is
identifying antibodies that are important and finding the B cells that
are producing in them this is this is the same kind of screening it's screening
the genetic sequence and they're they they're doing the same thing with
antibodies it's a sequence and and they're using software to do it and so they
make this patented software stack through which your biologic gets washed and
what comes out is a patentable biologic because you washed it through this
software stack and I think that that there are people who are right when they
say that they hope that the mRNA would go better I think there are people that
there were probably people that didn't think that it would go as bad as it has
both from the perspective of coverage and the side effects I actually think
they thought it would go better and I think Mark is also on this page at this
stage where he thinks that sort of the cancers and all this other stuff it
doesn't seem like very many people were anticipating this one of the ways that
Mark has shown me of looking at this is going to the stock prices of cancer
companies and you can see that they didn't rise ahead of this they certainly
didn't rise before the pandemic like some other companies did and so it's
possible that we are so off-script right now that we have a chance to actually
change the direction of the cruise ship it's possible and I think that if you
listen to this session where she talks so confidently about this technology and
then we realize that this technology didn't even make it it didn't even make
it to production what does that mean does that mean it's still waiting does
that mean this is gonna be the next generation and if we think about the
fact that a lot of these companies are all united by an interaction with
Robert Malone and Robert Malone came out and controlled the narrative about how
the mRNA vaccine was successful or not or who was successful for you can start
to see a scenario here I think you can start to see a scenario here where you
can understand what these people are clowning about now there are a couple
other pieces to this puzzle one is that I've heard Robert Malone state several
times that him and his wife have a patent on mucosal and inhaled vaccine
vaccines and all technologies that do that if that's a possibility then I
assure you this company having its long ties with Robert Malone will
certainly be on this shortlist as we'll probably absolera and maybe a cutis or
whoever else is that that he has ongoing relationships with but it's it's really
hard not to see a scenario where the wrong question has been asked for several
years now wrong question that has been propelled by George Webb and Veritas and
Robert Malone it is a it is a wrong question about who is Boston
consulting and what happened in this video and the fact that Robert Malone
promoted that video and the fancy org chart of George Webb is exactly that
video with exactly Jordan Walker and so we're all distracted by Boston
consulting group and Pfizer and we really have never seen any of the
companies that Robert Malone is actually working for and consulting with except
for on Mark Street and we've never known really how they're connected until we
watch this video with Colis and he revealed all the things that he revealed
and that Mark kind of got pushed in just the right direction where he where he
found what he we needed to find to really see that absolera is the the trick
Peter Teal is there the antibody paradox anybody patent paradox is there and so
now we need to really understand what the real immunology is going forward and I
believe that although this company has been in the background for a long time
and not really doesn't seem taken very seriously I actually have always believed
you hear a lot of people talk about this the T cells are the cells that we
should be targeting and we who were trying to actually augment and so at least in
principle this company is thinking the right way and so I think has potential
to be the part of the next generation of mRNA therapeutics which I assure you
are coming they have no I have no doubt in my mind that that's the plan that
that even if it becomes common knowledge that some of the batches of of the
mRNA were contaminated it's not going to be enough to penetrate the the psyche of
the average skilled TV watcher for them to understand that newer
transfections or newer versions of this kind of of therapeutic are going to be
just as dangerous they're going to think that the next generation is better just
like Robert Malone says that he took the mRNA shot because he assumed they
solved the trafficking problem or the targeting problem and of course yesterday
we heard from or day before we heard from Peter Cullis that they haven't they
tried for 40 years to solve the trafficking problem and they've never done
it he burnt five postdocs on it we have been lied to thoroughly and now we're
just getting to the point where we can start to see why I think and it's again
it is exactly as Mark has said it the best the job of these people is only to
make sure that you're asking the wrong question it doesn't even matter what
question it is ask a question about bioweapons fine you're lost ask a question
about amyloidosis and prion disease okay you're not on the story ask a
question about hydroxychloroquine or Ivermectin and their effectiveness okay
you're not on the story and so as long as you keep fighting about all these
nonsense things and you keep chasing down all this nonsense biology he won't
ever actually see the breadth and the depth of which you can you can see
right through them they're just right here they tell you the truth over and
over again they believe in things that don't work they believe in technology
with a little bit of hand waving they believe in the future of the technologies
that they're working on now and they believe lies are justified because they're
getting rich because you can lie in business there's nothing wrong with
lying in business to get rich it's all spare in love and war and business I
guess so they have to sell this as the best technology it's their technology
but they're revealing in my mind how again shallow their understanding of the
immune response is in shallow in terms of their outlook on how to augment it
they're really still just looking for antibody responses again those are the
immunodominant signals in outbred populations here's an example this is a
peptide that is found in GAD 65 it has an epi bar and it's a well-known
autoimmune disease epitope found in patients who have type 1 diabetes now
what happens when we have an impurity that contains a natural or artificial
amino acid and what we do there is we basically use a best proxy approach we
take three steps we replace with a neutral placeholder just to kind of see
what the potential for immunogenicity is in that peptide on its own without the
unnatural amino acid then we do a replacement analysis with all 20
natural amino acids and look at the best case sorry the best case low immunogenicity
or worst case high immunogenicity amino acid replacement that gives us a
range and that tells us how immunogenic could this peptide be in the worst case
scenario if that third position was replaced by a peptide that found
promiscuously across all each allele so that tells you the worst case scenario
since you don't or can't predict in silica what the unnatural would actually
do the third thing we do is we pick a proxy and in this case for this peptide
we actually picked the tryptophan proxy which allowed us to make an
insilico prediction for an unnatural that was not a tryptophan so that's what we
do in silico for un-naturals now once we've identified the potential immunogenicity
of our API and our impurities we also want to evaluate if those APIs or
impurities have the potential to induce tolerance in in vitro and in vivo how
do peptides induce tolerance they engage t-reg cells that suppress immune
response it turns out that the peptides that trigger t-regs bind to HLA
molecules similarly to peptides that trigger a t-effector immune response so
you can't differentiate them by their HLA binding group files you can as we
discovered however determine if a peptide might be a t-reg epitope by
looking at its T cell receptor facing surface and so we actually use a tool
called Janus matrix to do that let me explain further here what I'm showing
is the peptide from your another software to purity binding the binding
group the agritobus facing down the abitopus facing up to the T cell
receptor and what we're doing with this Janus matrix tool is basically dividing
the peptide into two different components the amino acids that bind to
the HLA and the amino acids that bond that face up to the T cell receptor you
can imagine when the T cell receptor comes down on top of that peptide that is
really only seeing the amino acid side chains that face up it can't see the
ones that are bound down into the HLA binding group so we could actually take
those amino acids and look in the human genome for other peptides it may not be
identical in sequence that do have the identical T cell receptor facing
residues and bind to the same HLA the T cell probably wouldn't be able to
differentiate between that human genome peptide and say the impurity peptide
that we're showing it in an HLA molecule as long as the HLA molecule is
the same and the T cell receptor facing residues are the same that's the
hypothesis turns out that when we do have extensive cross conservation at the TCR
phase that we're able to show that those peptides which have say this peptide
which is an IMER has six different peptides to which it can be related in
the human genome by conservation of the TCR phase and restriction by the same
HLA allele that peptide is going to either be tolerated because we've been
trained to tolerate it we've seen that peptide before in our own genome or it
will be actively regulatory and that's what's really interesting about some of
the peptides that we're dealing with as generic peptides today so what she
seems to imply here is that if it if a peptide sequence has a high homology
with self proteins it will tend to be a T regulatory epitope and if it has an
a foreign one then it will tend to be a a immunogenic epitope which is
interesting because in another talk of hers you can hear her say very plainly
that coronaviruses and RNA viruses have adopted a tremendous amount of
homology between human proteins to avoid detection to cause tolerance which is
exactly what I've said from the very beginning is essentially the response to
a coronavirus RNA if they exist as they are portrayed in cartoons our bodies
have learned to respond to these over millennia with a lack of immune response
and a lack of inflammation and so one of the reasons why the common cold is in
particularly dangerous except for in people who are already dying is that
reason because our immune system isn't really triggered by them and one of the
reasons may be what she has explained in one of her many lectures is that a lot
of the coronavirus proteins are homologous through large stretches with
human proteins which could be mimicry or it could be a sign that they're just
exosomes right I mean this is part of what's so frustrating about this this
idea is that all of these people when they talk they are discussing their ideas in
the context of this bad biology and this bad understanding of of the immune
system and so it's hard to talk around them in some ways because they're limited
by this this huge assumption that you know there's just a few knobs in the
immune system to tweak and one goes up and one goes down and it's it's like
that but it's not it's not as simple as you know symbols in the band and symbols
not in the band it's not like that other aspects of that peptide might bind
similarly to an MHC molecule or HLA molecule but would have no cross
conservation in the human genome and those could potentially be immunogenic
now let's just pretend this API is now has a modification and it is an
impurity this part of the impurity that binds to a specific HLA allele could
actually be tolerogenic this part of the impurity could actually bind to a MHC or
HLA alleles and drive an unexpected and unwanted immune response so that's why we
do this analysis with the Janus matrix tool the method is published it's in the
literature and there are actually quite a few papers which I'm showing you here
and I invite you to look at later what's an example of a T-reg epitope that is
confirmed with Janus matrix one is found in immunoglobulin actually there are
six to eight to ten that are found in immunoglobulin G and these are promiscuous
T cell epitopes that are highly cross conserved not only in immunoglobulin G
but across a whole set of other human genome peptides they are tolerogenic they
do induce T-regs in vitro and they induce adaptive tolerance to other parts of
proteins that contain them so T-regitopes are an interesting discovery that we can
make with the Janus matrix tool and when we're looking at contain them so T-regics
in vitro and they induce adaptive talk I'm not really sure how this works she's
saying IgG this is a antibody year and I'm not really sure how this arrow works
with regard to now that antigen presenting cell is gonna present a
portion of the antibody this is something that I have never heard of
before so I guess I'm gonna have to read some of those papers I might need to
catch up on this this is a this is a new thing for me but it's interesting to
think that the T-regulatory cell epitope might be on IgG antibodies I don't know
what I have to draw pictures I'm not gonna be able to follow this anymore I
don't think but I'm gonna listen to it but I'm gonna get lost to other parts
of proteins that contain them so T-regitopes are an interesting discovery
that we can make with the Janus matrix tool now when we're looking at peptides
and their impurities we're gonna try to assess their risk by looking at these
two aspects of the peptide itself let's look at for example on the y-axis how
many T-cell epitopes per unit length that peptide or impurity might have you
could have epitode dense peptides or epitopes sparse peptides and then let's
look at the humanists of that peptide you could have peptides that are more
that are have TCR faces that are more common in human proteins and peptides
that have that look less human and so you can obviously divide peptides and
their impurities into four different quadrants with the least immunogenic
potential down here and the most immunogenic potential up there where
there are more T-cell epitopes less human so what do our generic peptides look
like and what do their impurities look like well let's just take the two peptides
that we worked on with the FDA in the context of our contract here you can see
on this quadrant analysis all of that so she's working on FDA approved
biologics which have known impurities in them and she's trying to explain whether
the impurities are generating the unwanted immune responses or the peptide
itself and so she's analyzed peptides for the FDA this is like right years
years later after she had that interview which I described where she
said well we charged him a thousand and they paid it and the next people had
called we said five and they paid it and the next people called we said 20 and
they paid it so we knew we had a company and so what you see here is epi matrix
and Janice matrix supposedly probably just two software programs that are
going to be patented and that makes the results of this patentable or trade
markable or something I'm sure
generic peptides that are of interest in the market right now and you can see
that a lot of them fall in this low epitope density but not necessarily very
human quadrant which suggests that there is potential for some immunogenicity but
there are two that fall in other quadrants tear peritide falls in the
epitope dense but highly human so potentially taller
genetic quadrant and the serotide is epitope sparse and highly human so
probably not a problem as an API and what about their impurities you can
actually see on this quadrant graph that the tear peritide impurities that we
worked on with FDA really travel around the parent drug small modifications
really don't expect you don't can't expect deviation to be too great from
the parent drug but there are examples and we actually designed the peptide
shown here to be to erase the human like a face of tear peritide and I'll get to
that later so we actually found using an algorithm the peptides that were
furthest from the parent molecule and could potentially be immunogenic obviously
those are impurities that you want to watch out for here's salmon calcitonin
again most of the impurities kind of traveled around the salmon calcitonin
API itself and didn't get up into the very high risk but there were they were
in the kind of moderate risk category here you can see in gray some well-known
peptides that are immunogenic generally derived from tetanus toxin and others
those are used as controls in our assays and here the T regitope showing
that they are epitope dense but highly human and or as I've mentioned have been
found to be taller genetic now how do we validate the in silico I'm just going
to point to a couple of assays that we use we use HLA binding assays to see if
the agritope binds to the HLA DR molecules as predicted then we use T cell
assays with naive donors looking to see if we can generate a T cell response in
vitro not the most accurate assay but it's a good way of validating something
that you've looked at in silico to see if the two two expectations align so it's
a way of doing orthogonal analysis of your impurity looking at it from two
different directions and seeing if you get sort of the same signal the binding
assay that we use is actually an assay that uses a fluorescent tracer peptide
that's a known binder I'm still I'm still confused about how you can use a blood
sample from a person to take T cells out and then try to find T cells my
problem with that is that it is inevitably an incredibly small portion of
the T cells of that person because most of the naive T cells are hanging out in
not in circulation but they're in the lymph nodes pre activation so I'm having
a hard time understanding what kind of sample one gets from circulation my
assumption would be that that sample would be composed of T cells that have
already been educated T cells that are already on patrol T cells that are
already working including cytotoxic T cells as well T regulatory cells and
T helper cells I don't so she said it was not a very reliable essay or not a
perfect assay but I think it's it's worse than that it's it's not even she
should really say that it's like a biological shot in the dark and if we
get something from it we're lucky but most of the time we don't know for sure
because the vast majority of the catalog of T cell memory is encased in a place
that you can't just get to with a small blood sample that really bothers me a
lot I don't I don't know I don't tie it off with the test peptide which is our
API or in our impurity we do a seven concentration range of binding assay
so that we can get a nice dose ranging curve and that gives us the ability to
calculate the I C 50 of the binding affinity here are some examples strong
binder competes off the tracer peptide moderate binder only at high
concentrations non binder doesn't compete at all T cell assay we use is is
adopted from walnut at all it basically expands up T cells in vitro with the
test peptide and then you do a measurement of the immune response either in a
fluorescent at least by assay measuring T cell responses or you can do a flow
assay the last assay I want to mention is the tetanus toxin bystander assay I'm
not an expert on those assays I'm gonna try to read a few of her papers and see
if we can't do some journal clubs on them till we can understand this because I
am interested in T cells and understanding what is supposedly known so it
looks like this is gonna be a a lot of work for me but it's good okay or we we
actually measure for T-reg response but since you can't it's or it's difficult
to measure directly the T-reg response we usually try to measure it by looking
at how much a T-reg epitope will suppress another response here we use
tetanus toxin and we try to suppress that response in vitro we publish that assay
it's in a new paper looking at a new T-regital tube called factor 5 6 21 please
take a look at the light Jack paper looking at a new T-regital tube called
factor 5 6 21 please take a look at the light Jack you're just gonna have to
wait a few minutes so to the case studies really interesting peptides
salmon calcitonin and teraparitide salmon calcitonin because it is immunogenic
it is a foreign peptide only 50% conserved with human calcitonin teraparitide a
fully human peptide and as it turns out it looks tolerogenic in our in
silico assays here is salmon calcitonin interestingly enough it has one of those
every day talked about and that epibar is in the book I can't tell whether if
tolerogenic is good in her mind or what it is I can't tell we foreign immunogenic
region others have looked at this region and found it to be immunogenic so that's
confirmed in our in silico assays and we also looked at impurities you can see
as I've mentioned before that all of the salmon calcitonin impurities were in
the left lower quadrant not traveling too far from the a salmon calcitonin
API and we test all of these in finding assays all these in T-cell assays it's
one of their controls the tetanus toxin is there so just to give you kind of a
high-level view of salmon calcitonin is immunogenic in a 16 donor set of assays
we found that 44% of donors responded again see there you go now they're
using 16 different donors to find out if there's a T-cell response that
recognizes one of these epitopes or recognizes their responses to calcitonin
so I'm still not completely clear what they're doing but I do think it is that
from this test they can take those T-cells and then find out a little bit
about what they memorized in this I don't know what an API is I think that
this is some abbreviation for a protein artificially protein something you know
like I don't know what that means I could you could google it and find it
out but it's she's used it a couple times in the talk as if everybody in the
audience understood it so I didn't that matrix a score is above that random
zero that's the median of what we would expect from random chance so higher
than I would say expected immunogenicity for a peptide or expected in silico and
validated in vitro we also found that the impurities listed here some of which
had higher scores a higher it means a small number of donors who put you in
salt and but you can see that yes although salmone calcitonin is immunogenic
the impurities do look like they're slightly more immunogenic as predicted
in silico so the findings in our salmone calcitonin studies were that the
salmone calcitonin impurities had similar epimatrix scores that were
moderate and Janus matrix scores which were non-human and they had
application program to the API so they were immunogenic as predicted but not
more so than the API itself so that was a nice finding now what about terra
peritide terra peritide is fully human it is a sub sequence of the parathyroid
hormone it's a drug called fordio it's generally not immunogenic in the
clinic but it does have an epibar so if you look at this this peptide sequence
you see that epibar and you go to yourself that's got to be immunogenic
however when we look at it with Janus matrix I do not know what an epibar is
apparently everybody else in the audience does but I don't know what an
epibar is I could also google that but I'm not gonna do it right now it has a
very high Janus matrix human homology score meaning that it has a
conservation with the TCR facing residues of peptides found in the
human genome and actually it's related to the human protein tubulin which is
found in most cells all cells it's the protein that basically gives each cell
its structure so this is very similar promiscuous T cell epitope is found in
tubulin here's the cytoscape diagram showing that relationship again as I've
mentioned terra peritide actually has a high epimatrix score higher epitope
density than what we would expect from random chance lots of T cell epitopes
epibar and it's highly human as we've mentioned in terms of its Janus matrix
score and so are most of the impurities and we actually had to generate an
impurity that erased that TCR face and we did do that with what we call the
WIM machine which generates all the impurities at every single amino acid
position for every generic peptide that we want to look at and that actually gave
us a couple of solutions that we could test in vitro and in vivo here again are
the impurities again this publication is in preparation we promise that you'll
get a look at the detailed results for these impurities when we finish now I'm
just gonna cut to the chase because I thought this was really interesting we
actually did that tetanus toxin bystander assay with the API so here I'm
just using the API to see if it was tolerogenic in vitro so we added
tetanus to this the wells and in this example donor what we're looking for
is proliferation of the cells the cells travel left in the flow when they
start proliferating and when we actually see a T-reg have an effect on that
proliferation you can see less proliferation here and less activation
and presentation of activation cell surface markers on the T cells so two
different tests of the same thing and what you see here is two standard T
regitope controls and terra peritide all three are suppressing the
proliferation response to tetanus toxin and our tetanus toxin bystander
assay and they also reduce activation this was repeated with I think five
total donors which demonstrated that that terra peritide does actually have a
tolerogenic effect in vitro could be what we would call a T regitope and we're
going to be exploring that further do the impurities induce an immune response and
the answer is yes if you remove the TCR cross-conserved residues the terra
peritide impurities still bind but they are more immunogenic and we look forward
to publishing that data so you can review it in detail so in brief we had
an opportunity to look at these two case studies and then the most recent
project is to prospectively predict and rank all peptide impurities well at
least for the generic peptides using a machine called whim what is whim is whim
stands for the what if machine and basically since we don't know all drug
impurities but there are certainly many that could occur we basically just made
an in silico tool that performs all possible changes to the natural amino
acid sequence of the drug substance and measures their impact on the epitome
content not only epitope density but also their humanness the what if machine
sounds a lot like the domain server or like what Robert Malone did at the
beginning of the pandemic where he tested all possible drugs all known drugs and
pharmaceuticals against the the virtual 3D crystallization model of the of the
enzyme that he made in like three weeks he made the model of the enzyme of the
protein that he wanted to bind to which was the 3 CL enzyme or protease 3 CL
protease of the of the virus he made a crystal a virtual crystal model of that
which again is a simulation and then he took that simulation he interfaced it
with all known drugs and pharmaceuticals in the domain server or in the domain
program or something and the crazy thing is is that program kicked out remdesivir
femotidine and a few other things apparently it didn't kick out a hydroxy
chloroquine or ivermectin and that could be because they don't interact with the
virtual 3D crystallography model that Robert Malone made of the 3 CL protease
in January of 2020 after being told by Michael Callahan to spin his team up
largely volunteers this sounds like a very similar you know magic box where you
just kind of crank it out and it gives you answers all possible changes but this
is easier because it's only nine only nine amino acids in their in their
epitopes and so they only need to change those nine amino acids in relation to
the other chemical amino acids that are related to them so 20 amino acids you
know it's maximum it's not that many so it it's a little less than all the drugs
and pharmaceuticals known to man were tested against my my thing like then
calculate a predicted immunodulus score that combines those two things and we
basically identify whether certain impurities with modifications at a
certain location are more risky than others this generates a list list that
could be used to identify impurities that could be removed from generic drugs
prior to approval so this just shows you an example of past pogutide which is a
glip one that was taken off the market because it had a lot of impurities a lot
of those impurities were immunogenic there wasn't HLA association none of
that ever got published but we have seen the data and what is shown here is just
a duplication modification that we generated with whim you can see that some
of those some here's the RLD or the API and here are the scores of the
modified impurities generated in the wind machine you can also see the Janus
major comology score obviously a high homology score would be less immunogenic
and what's really interesting that is that the HLA that restricted were
present in the patients that had the adverse events with TASPO correlated
with the highest risk immunogenicity in this table so maybe we identified the
impurities that were a problem in that TASPO clinical trial so this is just to
tell you what's coming up we so in a way it's very interesting because what she
is doing is not dissimilar to what San Sashalatopova was doing back in the
90s where she was giving them and giving pharmaceutical companies another way to
read the P wave of cardiac of cardiac signals so one of the things that they
look for in all drug trials is the the signature of the heart of the patient
and you know that the signature of the heart of a patient has this you know
thing that they call I don't know what it is electrocardiogram and it has this
little shape and they show it on the ER show and all other stuff and it's got a
P wave and a Q something and whatever and cardiologists that are really good at
looking at these things can tell what's wrong with you by just looking at the
distances and the sizes between these these characteristic electrical signals
that come from the heart and so Sandra a lot of Sashalatopova was the CEO of a
company which sold software which essentially analyzed the the cardiac
data of in clinical trials and so in a way it was a what-if machine about the
cardiac data in a in a way that could as Sashal that be more sensitive so that
let's say bad signals cut bad cardiac signals would not prematurely end a
trial or not allow a drug to come to market because their software allowed a
more subtle analysis which you could just construe as the software allowed them
to get away with more signal change then they should have been able to and I
would I would argue that this might be something very similar to that where
we're looking at a a kind of a screen of a biologic where you can actually look
at the the results of a clinical trial and then come up with a model where the
where the impurities that you found are responsible for the for the adverse
events rather than for the the product as a whole and so you can blame it on this
what how well with using software three layers of software can identify where the
potential immunogenic epitopes are in your designer drug and its impurities and so
unless you're able to go into this code and find it yourself which you can't
unless you're part of this company you're never going to be able to verify
whether or not this score is actually proving that the intended protein is
fine but the purity impurities are wrong it's a really wonderful wonderful tool
if it's honest but it's also a hugely potential source of fraud because just
because you use a computer program doesn't make it correct and if you can
launder anything you want through through the domain program and get
everybody to take remdesivir and that's kind of the same trick which I think
was done with remdesivir and potentially could be done with a software suite like
this one. We identified the impurities that were a problem in that TASPO clinical
trial so this is just to tell you what's coming up we are really delighted to be
working with our OGD colleagues on these projects of the last one being
Selen Calcitonin and Terra Peritite and the current one being Wim I have
included publications in my presentation and I want to thank my team for doing
the actual work that I get to present and I'll take any questions that you may
have thank you for your attention. So we're going to leave it at that right yes
we are it whoops that was a mistake. Hello and welcome to our webinar the
webinar is entitled does nature always know best the role of regulatory
T cell epitopes in biologics and vaccines my name is Annie DeGroote I'm
guess we have to I'll have to watch that one sometime because that's really
cool too I want to know what they're thinking I want to know what's going on
here. So if you don't mind I'm just gonna take this chance to present the
last part of my running slide set right now in a different voice. Ladies and
gentlemen we have been misled about the potential for pandemics in bad caves
and we've also been misled about the potential of this pandemic potential
that can be accessed via cell culture and via animal passage over several
decades we have been led to believe that this pandemic potential could be
accessed in a laboratory and even worse you could stitch pieces of potential
pandemic viruses together and create something that mother nature herself
never would have and it is this illusion of consensus about the potential for
pandemics in bad caves and in laboratories that is the new mythology
with which they intend to govern you and more importantly your children because
it's different than terrorism it's different than patriotism it's different
than communism it's different than aliens it affects everyone and it's
invisible and it's under and you can't investigate it there's nothing that the
average person can do to disprove this without learning years of molecular
biology to the extent to which you can see through this but there is a way to
see through it if you don't bother with the biology you can just bother with the
numbers and the way to think about it is in 2020 they told you that there was a
new cause of death a new way of dying for which everyone was vulnerable and that
new way of dying should have shown up as a spreading respiratory virus and so
when you say this out loud there's a novel cause of death that's spreading that is
a certain level of expectation in the data and Denny Rancor has shown us that
those expectations are never met so the excess deaths are not correlated with
the spread they are correlated with poverty excess deaths are not correlated
with spread they are correlated with poverty in America and that's because
hospital protocols were destroyed the autonomy of a doctor to treat the
symptoms in front of him or her was destroyed and with a high financial
incentive and top-down control in hospitals they were able to use a
nonspecific PCR test to rope an ever larger portion of all cause mortality
into a new national security priority that they called COVID when in reality
all they really needed to do was kill a bunch of people with pneumonia and call
it that that's all they need to do if you need antibiotics for secondary
pneumonia and you don't get it and instead they test you with PCR and then
put you on a ventilator and gave you remdesivir you were added to the list and
in fact with a lot of these people early on there was no remdesivir there was
just a lack of treatment from not do not resuscitate orders in New York City
all the way to ventilating people they could talk and these protocols were
enacted wherever the government or the CDC had sufficient push and we're gonna
find more and more that the places where these protocols didn't occur there's
gonna be some administrative reason why one doctor got in the way or several
nurses got in the way and so the death toll never happened there that's the
reason why the death toll doesn't cross borders ladies and gentlemen that's the
reason why why Germany had almost no deaths until the vaccine was rolled out
no excess deaths ladies and gentlemen they intend a total surrender of
individual sovereignty and enforcement of a fundamental inversion from basic
human rights to basic granted permissions and this illusion of consensus is how
they've done it they have convinced us that there was a novel virus that
everybody had to act on that the Army RNA saved a lot of people but it could
have been better and because this was likely again a function virus this will
definitely happen again and that illusion of consensus I'm calling a scooby-doo
which is a bunch of teenagers being fooled into solving a mystery that ends
up to be bad guys with monster masks and so while the entire population is
afraid of a monster called COVID-19 we are now being tricked into taking the
masks off of the people who are responsible for that monster instead of
being told the truth which is the monster could only exist in the context
of lies lies about your immune system lies about mother nature lies about the
fidelity of RNA lies about the immune response lies about vaccination lies
about intramuscular injection lies about everything and in 2020 in 2021 the
lies were so succinct and so synchronized and so perfect the doctors
around the world were ventilating people to prevent spread doctors around
America were using remdesivir with no no bother to read where it had been used
before no bother to look into how it worked no bother at all just following
the CDC protocol don't use antibiotics anymore don't use antibiotics anymore on
a viral disease was something that people on twiv are still saying then they shut
down schools they masked our little babies and they terrified everybody who
wasn't sophisticated enough to know they terrified every skilled TV watcher
with this illusion of consensus and those skilled TV watchers are just now
thinking that they finally figured out what happened which is that we covered
up our role in the production of this virus in China and then it got out in
China tried to cover it up and so did we and the reason why this is so enticing
this illusion of consensus of a laboratory batcave zoonosis is that that
means that this potential is there forever that means that we need the who
and vaccines and viral surveillance and all of this stuff forever and that's what
I mean by trying to govern your children on this mythology this mythology
that we defeat viruses with vaccination all the time like Annie DeGroote said in
that brief piece on the TV channel she said that we have to develop immunity
with vaccines for this one and novel viruses can jump from species and
can pandemic be false PCR false positives are rare asymptomatic spread
was real and they still believe it is real my neighbors still believe it's
real she tested positive for covid and her husband made her isolate in her
bedroom for five days and she didn't come out I mean it's people are that they
believe it and they live right next door to me they were just here for the party
and they know how we think but they can't snap it they can't turn it off they
can't stop because they took the test and the test said positive you know it's
like if your husband took a pregnancy test and it said positive would you
believe it was right I mean the conflated background signal is the thing you have
to understand because we don't know what that conflated background signal is is
it really coronaviruses is it really human RNA is it human RNA sequences see
the problem with it is is that up until 2020 we knew that coronaviruses had a
lot of homology with our own proteins and in fact that's what everybody was
complaining about in the very beginning when we decided to use the spike as the
transfection because using the spike is the transfection it's got a lot of
epitopes in it that aren't so not human and so we risk mimicry we risking this
potential auto immunity there's lots of things in there that we might not want
platelet factor for a mile in this kind of thing and that's what makes
epi-backs so interesting is they knew that already they knew that that was
screenable and so it's not like all this stuff wasn't known Robert Malone was
working with that company for 15 years no eight years he definitely knew just
like he knew Peter Colis knew that you can't target an mRNA encased in a lipid
nanoparticle to a particular part of your body by intramuscular injection so when
Robert Malone went on Brett Weinstein's podcast in 2021 and said that he thought
that they probably fixed that problem that's absolute bullshit and there's no
other word for it that was a bald face lie he knew that Peter Colis had never
solved that problem and that's Peter Colis knew he never solved that problem
he had burnt five postdocs on it five postdocs were burnt on trying to get the
LNP's of Peter Colis to target somewhere and they couldn't even get the real easy
target like the liver to work very well that's where we're at lies upon lies
upon lies and some of them are assumptions some of them are dumb when you hear
Peter Colis say that when that when that Pfizer report came out and they said
that the vaccine was 95% effective what did Peter Colis do he went and got a
glass of scotch and started drinking that's exactly what he said I'm not really
sure what to what to think about this I'm not really sure how to push it I do
know that my voice needs a little bit of a break though I can feel it a little
bit in the back so I'm gonna give it a little rest because I did rupture
something back there so something needs healing I'm sure but there was
definitely endemic background of something that they misconstrued as the
novel spread of something else and they use the protocols to fill it to fool us
and protocols were actually murder not COVID and
transfection is not medicine now it could have been an infectious clone
release that's my favorite explanation the only question is how far does the
clone spread how much did they spread was it really only three people and three
sequences and and and three seeded narratives or was it really a whole
hospital of in northern Italy and a whole bunch of people in Wuhan and in Iran I
don't know but if we actually considered it a crime and actually started to think
about the plausible biology that's available to these people that's what
we would be considering an infectious clone release could have been a
transfection agent as well what's the difference between a transfection agent
and an infectious clone an infectious clone release is is the mRNA or sorry
the RNA of a coronavirus which is presumed to be self-replicating so it
has a RNA dependent RNA polymerase and 30 other accessory proteins which allow
the assembly of coronavirus particles whereas a transfection agent release
might have just been mRNA which expresses a spike or expresses an
immunogen which would produce the the false positives that they needed or
produce the I can only be really the false positives that they needed so the
transfection agent might work if you transfected the spike protein and an
end protein or something like that and then you knew that your PCR was going to
test for those then a a transfection agent of just the end protein would work
if your PCR is only going to test for the end protein but I think it depended on
what country you're in some countries were testing for this bike some were
doing RNA dependent RNA polymerase some were doing RNA dependent polymerase and
and I think America now is doing three different ends or something like that so
it's changed over time but the protocols have always been murder and
transfection has always not been medicine and the same thing goes for this
trap we've been working on this one for a long time but I'm pretty sure that the
no-virus people are gonna vanish into sort of insignificance at some point as
the the ridiculousness of their stance becomes more and more obvious and the
way that they will continue to sort of push for is instead of protocols and
push you know unrelated cursory issues to make you ask the wrong question is the
best the absolute best way to put it because if your question is are there
viruses or not you're asking the wrong question because we know that they can
aerosolize lipid nanoparticles we know that they can aerosolize RNA and DNA we
know that they can make infectious clones by the leader we know that they can make
recombinant DNA and recombinant RNA in the laboratory in quantity and so are
there real viruses in nature is secondary to the fact that so much of the
technology necessary to make it appear as though there was a pandemic was
already rare to go and I think the best way to look at the no-virus people is
just go back to 2020 go back to 2020 and watch a few Andy Kaufman Andrew
Kaufman lectures and you'll see that I'm totally right because in those
lectures he doesn't talk about there being no virus he talks about them being
unable to isolate it he talks about them lying about it and he talks about them
probably being exosomes and the PCR is just detecting that that the that the
sequencing reaction is really amplifying amplicons it could easily be parts of
the human the human genome or the human proteome and if you do that and then
use a computer program to assemble them into a coronavirus it's not the same
thing as finding a coronavirus and all of those arguments from 2020 of the no
virus people are totally 100% right and then they stopped and then they started
talking about foyas and they started talking exclusively about isolation
and purification and they made it seem like that was because this is the
argument this is how you win but it's not that's not how you win that's how you
stall people out and that's how you get people asked the wrong question I'm
convinced of it otherwise they would have been saying a long time ago that the
protocols are murder and transfection is a medicine and we don't think there are
real viruses but instead they just say we don't think there are real viruses we
don't want to talk to anybody who doesn't think the same it's ridiculous and so
in this conflated background signal the PCR test used in 2020 in 2021 were not
specific for a particular coronavirus the PCR tests have many sources of false
positives besides high cycle count including human transcripts the respiratory
disease that leads to a secondary ammonia is a regular cause of death that we
stopped treating appropriately in 2020 say it again respiratory disease that
leads to secondary pneumonia is a regular cause of death that we stopped
treating appropriately in 2020 in 2021 and I have been saying this for years
years changing the standard protocols for treatment of a general respiratory
disease that was the primary cause of excess death during the pandemic
additional harms were also caused by the response that included lockdowns
etc. Additional arms can also be matched to the use of specific agents
including Madazlam and Rendezivir. Her early treatment must be considered
protocol by protocol because no single agent is likely to have been the silver
bullet for whatever they sprayed distributed or lied about and it certainly
wasn't going to cure anybody that was being improperly ventilated or treated
with Remdesivir. We spend money to make sure the danger of zoonotic pandemics
is taken very seriously that's really the bottom line if we spend money to get
papers published that that claim pandemic potential and we we fund
organizations like the Equal Health Alliance to make sure that people think
that there's pandemic potential and and Nathan Wolf's organization metal
biota same thing it is the governing forces trying to set up this mythology
this mythology of a natural pandemic and a man-made one and unavoidable because
with climate change and our population and deforestation and guess who's one of
the biggest donors of Equal Health Alliance palm oil companies palm oil
companies deforestation donating to to organizations that are helping with
climate change is a great way to launder money for palm oil companies
ladies and gentlemen you can tell the liars because they're not talking about
the PCR anymore they're not talking about variants and sequencing fraud
they're not talking about death certificate fraud that happened from
California to New York and not talking about purity fraud protein folding
transfection in general and they forgot completely about natural immunity that
I was talking about in 2020 so that's how you tell they're doing this for a
reason because they've got only this chance to get this many people on board
to brainwash this many people to collect this much data that's really all
this is about they don't need all of us they need our kids time they've got 30
years they've got 40 years and in 40 years I might be dead so it's only my
sons that'll be here and those are the ones they're trying to get not us
ladies and gentlemen intramuscular injection of any combination of
substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb and
transfection is not immunization please stop all transfections in humans
full stop full stop please just really stop it stop it all don't do it any more
please get in there right there yes Mike Vandenberg mixed-day no that's not
what I did I did this one oh I see
I don't know what to say ladies and gentlemen I hope that the surprise was
worth it I hope that you weren't let down we have 137 viewers which is a new
record for giga-home biological so maybe my voice did something for us ladies and
gentlemen stop all transfections and humans because they're trying to eliminate
the control group by any means necessary this has been giga-home biological a
high-resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist it's
21st of October 2023 this is day 46 in a run of several hundred so grab your
popcorn and your hot tea and I will see you again tomorrow ladies and gentlemen
hopefully the voice will be the same or even deeper yeah I still have a little
you know I gotta
thanks a lot Pamela thanks everybody for all your support it's really been
unbelievable and I don't know what to say other than I'm when I coughed that
thing up this morning and I spoke to my sons I started crying pretty fast
afterward because it I've been saying it for a long time if you give me my
voice back I'm gonna definitely use it and here we are so it's not a matter of
what is true the counts but a matter of what is perceived to be true ladies and
gentlemen so let's start teaching biology share this stream please ladies and
gentlemen share my work that's the best way to support it I love you guys see
tomorrow
you